Elegant Themes
1DIVI

DIVI FOR

ALL PRODUCTS

CONTACT
ACCOUNT

PRICING
Download a FREE Header & Footer for Divi’s Hostel Layout Pack
Posted on January 6, 2023 by Christina Gwira in Divi Resources Leave a Comment

Download a FREE Header & Footer for Divi’s Hostel Layout PackBlog / Divi Resources / Download a FREE Header & Footer for Divi’s Hostel Layout Pack
Hey Divi Nation! Thanks for joining us for the next installment of our weekly Divi Design Initiative where each week, we give away brand new freebies. We recently shared a Hostel Layout Pack. To help you get your website up and running as soon as possible, we’re sharing a global header & footer template that matches this layout pack perfectly as well! Hope you enjoy it.

divi layout

Check Out The Divi Hostel Template’s
Global Header & Footer Below
GET IT FOR FREE TODAY!

Header Design
Desktop View
Divi Hostel Header template preview for desktop

Tablet and Mobile View
Divi Hostel Header template preview for tablet and mobile

Footer Design
Desktop View
Divi Hostel Footer Template preview for desktop

Tablet and Mobile View
Divi Hostel Footer Template preview for tablet and mobile

Download The Global Header & Footer Template For The Hostel Layout Pack
To lay your hands on the free global header & footer template, you will first need to download it using the button below. To gain access to the download you will need to subscribe to our newsletter by using the form below. As a new subscriber, you will receive even more Divi goodness and a free Divi Layout pack every Monday! If you’re already on the list, simply enter your email address below and click download. You will not be “resubscribed” or receive extra emails.

Download For Free
Download For Free
Join the Divi Newsletter and we will email you a copy of the ultimate Divi Landing Page Layout Pack, plus tons of other amazing and free Divi resources, tips and tricks. Follow along and you will be a Divi master in no time. If you are already subscribed simply type in your email address below and click download to access the layout pack.

Enter your email address
DOWNLOAD
How to Upload The Divi Hostel Template
Go to Divi Theme Builder
To upload the template, navigate to the Divi Theme Builder in the backend of your WordPress website.

Getting started with the Divi Conference Layout Pack

Upload Global Default Website Template
Then, in the top right corner, you’ll see an icon with two arrows. Click on the icon.

Importing the Header and Footer Layout into the Divi Theme Buidler

Navigate to the import tab, upload the JSON file which you were able to download in this post, and click on ‘Import Divi Theme Builder Templates’.

Import settings for the header and footer layout pack

Save Divi Theme Builder Changes
Once you’ve uploaded the file, you’ll notice a new global header and footer in your default website template. Save the Divi Theme Builder changes as soon as you want the template to be activated.

Save global header theme builder

How to Modify The Divi Hostel Template
Open Header Template
To modify the global header template’s elements, start by opening the template.

Editing the global header within the Divi Theme Builder

Update Your Logo Image
We use an Image Module to showcase our website’s logo. Thus, you will need to update the logo file within the Image Module to be your own logo.

Update and add your logo into the Image Module

Update Text Module Call-to-Action
We have a Text Module within the second column which acts as a call-to-action within the Divi Hostel Header Template. You can use this area to share your slogan, a phone number, a testimonial and so much more!

Update Text Module Call-to-Action within the Divi Hostel Header Template

Select Menu of Choice for the Header of Your Divi Hostel Template
Select the menu that you’ll be using as your main menu within the Menu Module.

Choose your menu for the Divi Hostel template

Update Social Media Icons and Links
There is a Social Media Follow Module within this header, under the Menu Module. Ensure that you’ve updated the module with the social media accounts that you use. In addition to that, add the link URLs for each social media network to the module.

Update social media links and accounts with your accounts

Open the Footer of the Divi Template
Continue by opening the global footer inside the default website template.

Editing the footer template within the Divi Theme Builder

Connect and Activate Email Optin Module
The footer of the Divi Hostel Template has an Email Optin Module that needs to be activated. Connect your email marketing solution of choice to the module so that you can gather email addresses for your business. Remember to test your email optin to be certain that you are gathering your user information correctly.

Select Menu of Choice for the Footer Menu
The footer of the Divi Hostel Template also has a Menu Module. Please update it with the menu that you would like to use in your footer.

Update footer Menu Module in the Divi Hostel template

Update Blurb Modules
Multiple Blurb Modules are used to showcase contact information. Update the content within each blurb to meet your needs. You can even go a step further and add a module link to the Blurb Modules to make them active.

Update Footer Blurb Modules

Update Static Content
You will need to go through the footer of the Divi Hostel Template and update the static content of the footer, namely the titles of modules and adjusted any dummy text that’s included in the template.

Update the Divi Hostel template footer static content modules

New Freebies Every Week!
We hope you’ve enjoyed the Hostel Layout Pack and the Header & Footer freebie that goes along with it. We look forward to hearing your opinions in the comment section below. Make sure you check back next week for more freebies!

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Pinterest

By Christina Gwira
Christina Gwira is a Toronto-based vlogger, entrepreneur, and speaker. She is a music-lover, the self-proclaimed president of the Earl Grey fan club, and avid runner who has a penchant for mint chocolate chip ice-cream.

Divi Logo
Explore Divi, The Most Popular WordPress Theme In The World And The Ultimate Page Builder
LEARN ABOUT DIVI
Premade Layouts
Check Out These Related Posts
Divi SEO Agency Theme – Divi Child Theme Overview
Divi SEO Agency Theme – Divi Child Theme Overview
Posted on January 8, 2023 in Divi Resources

The Divi SEO Agency Theme features 30+ prebuilt pages, ideal for an SEO agency or a web service provider website you want to build using Divi. The site consists of dynamic pages full of eye-catching motion and comes with variations of several pages, giving you some flexibility with your website...

VIEW FULL POST
How to Set Up Your Divi Contact Form
How to Set Up Your Divi Contact Form
Posted on January 3, 2023 in Divi Resources

A contact form is a great feature to add to a website. As a business owner, you could use a contact form to allow potential customers to send a message. As an influencer, setting up a contact form on a website can open doors for brand deals. A contact form has a variety of uses from collecting...

VIEW FULL POST
Get a FREE Portfolio Layout Pack for Divi
Get a FREE Portfolio Layout Pack for Divi
Posted on January 2, 2023 in Divi Resources

Hey Divi Nation! Thanks for joining us for the next installment of our weekly Divi Design Initiative; where each week, we give away a brand new Layout Pack for Divi. This time around, the design team has created a beautiful Portfolio Layout Pack that’ll help you get your next website up and...

VIEW FULL POST
Leave A Reply
Comments are reviewed and must adhere to our comments policy.
Enter your comment here
COMMENT
Name
NAME
Email Address
EMAIL ADDRESS
Receive notifications about our new blog posts.

Recent Posts
Divi SEO Agency Theme – Divi Child Theme Overview
How to Add Internal Links in WordPress the Easy Way (Using Link Whisper)
Download a FREE Header & Footer for Divi’s Hostel Layout Pack
12 Website Marketing Strategies for Growing Your Business in 2023
8 Best WordPress Cache Plugins (in 2023)
Categories
Business
Community
Customer Spotlight
Design
Divi Resources
Editorial
Freebie Of The Week
General News
Marketing
Resources
Theme Changes/Bug Fixes
Theme Releases
Theme Sneak Peeks
Tips & Tricks
WordPress
Follow Us
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Dribbble
RSS
YouTube
881,346 Customers Are Already Building Amazing Websites With Divi. Join The Most Empowered WordPress Community On The Web
SIGN UP TODAY
We offer a 30 Day Money Back Guarantee, so joining is Risk-Free!

156k
Followers
73k
Members
63k
Followers
325k
Subscribers
173k
Subscribers
6k
Followers
DIVI FEATURES
All FeaturesExplore Divi
Divi Modules
Divi Layouts
No-Code Builder
Workflow
Ecommerce Websites
Theme Builder
Marketing Platform
Speed & Performance
Developers
Premium Support
PRODUCTS
Divi Theme
Divi Marketplace
Divi Cloud
Divi Teams
Divi Hosting
Extra Theme
Bloom Plugin
Monarch Plugin
Plans & PricingGet Divi Today
RESOURCES
Documentation
Help Articles & FAQ
24/7 Support
Developer Docs
System Status
BLOG
Recent Posts
Product Updates
Divi Resources
Business
WordPress
COMMUNITY
Divi Meetups
Divi Facebook Group
Divi Examples
Divi Integrations
Divi Reviews
Community Forum
Affiliate Program
COMPANY
About Us
Careers
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
TrustedSite
Norton
BBB
Trust Pilot
Copyright © 2023 Elegant Themes ®

GET THE DIVI UI KIT
